Tricky Candy Fox

medium

# Incorrect allowance check will make calls to VaultZapper user-related functions revert.

## Summary
Due to an incorrect allowance check, valid calls to `VaultZapper._zapIn()` will revert because of the lack of approval to the router. Consequently, users will be unable to call any of the following VaultZapper's methods (`zapAndDeposit()`, `zapAndRequestDeposit()`, `zapAndClaimAndRequestDeposit()` and their permit analogues).
## Vulnerability Detail
When a user calls any of the VaultZapper's user related functions  (`zapAndDeposit()`, `zapAndRequestDeposit()`, etc), they internally call `_zapIn()` to execute the token swap before the desired action (e.g deposit, request deposit). If the user is swapping non-ETH tokens (`msg.value == 0`),  `_transferTokenInAndApprove()` is called. See the code below.

```solidity
function _transferTokenInAndApprove(
	address router,
	IERC20 tokenIn,
	uint256 amount
)
	internal
{
	tokenIn.safeTransferFrom(_msgSender(), address(this), amount);
	if (tokenIn.allowance(_msgSender(), router) < amount) {
		tokenIn.forceApprove(router, amount);
	}
}
```

As can be seen in the code above, it verifies if the `_msgSender()` allowance to the router is smaller than `amount`. However, it should check the VaultZapper contract (`address(this)`) allowance, not the `msg.sender` allowance, as it is the VaultZapper contract that will call the swap method in the 1inch router using the tokens transferred by the user.

Due to this incorrect allowance check, if the user's allowance to the 1inch router is greater than `amount` when calling any of the VaultZapper's user-related functions, the call to `_transferTokenInAndApprove()` will not approve the necessary amount to the router. Consequently, when `_executeZap()` is subsequently executed, it will revert because there is insufficient allowance to 1inch. As a result, users will be unable to interact with the VaultZapper while their allowance to 1inch remains higher than the amount they wish to swap.

## Impact
Under the circumstances described above, `_zapIn()` will revert, preventing the user from calling any of the VaultZapper's user-related functions. Thus blocking the main functionality of this contract.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/main/asynchronous-vault/src/VaultZapper.sol#L160-L171
## Tool used
Manual Review
## Recommendation
Modify the allowance check in `VaultZapper._transferTokenInAndApprove()`.

```diff
diff --git a/VaultZapper.sol b/VaultZapper.mod.sol
index ca39ae8..49acea5 100644
--- a/VaultZapper.sol
+++ b/VaultZapper.mod.sol
@@ -165,7 +165,7 @@ contract VaultZapper is Ownable2Step, Pausable {
         internal
     {
         tokenIn.safeTransferFrom(_msgSender(), address(this), amount);
-        if (tokenIn.allowance(_msgSender(), router) < amount) {
+        if (tokenIn.allowance(address(this), router) < amount) {
             tokenIn.forceApprove(router, amount);
         }
     }
```