Decent Malachite Dragon

medium

# `VaultZapper` approval logic can be circumvented.

## Summary

The [`VaultZapper`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/main/asynchronous-vault/src/VaultZapper.sol) contains a number of functions which permit the `owner` to exert control over what tokens can be spent by supported routers, however competing write access by callers conspires against this.

## Vulnerability Detail

In [`VaultZapper`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/main/asynchronous-vault/src/VaultZapper.sol), there are a number of functions in which the `owner` attempts to explicitly administer token approvals:

```solidity
function approveTokenForRouter(
    IERC20 token,
    address router
)
    public
    onlyOwner
    onlyAllowedRouter(router)
{
    token.forceApprove(router, type(uint256).max);
    emit RouterApproved(router, token);
}
```

The intention is unclear, however this may be for the following reasons:
1. This is an effort to safeguard the range of spendable tokens.
2. As a means to ensure dependent infrastructure can operate without the continual cost of express token approvals.

This issue relates specifically to the implementation of `approveTokenForRouter(address,address)`, as `router` token approvals can be modified arbitrarily by users:

```solidity
function _transferTokenInAndApprove(
    address router,
    IERC20 tokenIn,
    uint256 amount
)
    internal
{
    tokenIn.safeTransferFrom(_msgSender(), address(this), amount);
    if (tokenIn.allowance(_msgSender(), router) < amount) { /// @audit If the `msg.sender`'s allowance for the `router` is less than `amount`
        tokenIn.forceApprove(router, amount); /// @audit have `address(this)` approve the router the spend amount
    }
}
```

As we can see, the function [`_transferTokenInAndApprove(address,address,uint256)`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/6c797025ffe296e04607abf74400ff2bb36a7de3/asynchronous-vault/src/VaultZapper.sol#L160) is implemented incorrectly. Notice that if the _caller's_ approval for the `router` is less than the amount, then the _current contract instance_'s approval for the `router` is set to the `amount`.

It should be emphasised that the caller's approval at this stage is irrelevant; they have already transferred their tokens.

The intended allowance for a token can be invalidated as follows:

1. The `owner` of the contract calls [`approveTokenForRouter(address,address)`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/6c797025ffe296e04607abf74400ff2bb36a7de3/asynchronous-vault/src/VaultZapper.sol#L99) and configures a maximum spend allowance of some `token` for the `router`.
2. A user attempts to zap in `1 ether` of underlying `vault` tokens, but doesn't have sufficient approvals to the `router`, therefore [`_transferTokenInAndApprove(address,address,uint256)`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/6c797025ffe296e04607abf74400ff2bb36a7de3/asynchronous-vault/src/VaultZapper.sol#L160) will configure an approval to the `router` of `1 ether` for the current contract instance.
3. The intended design of the [`VaultZapper`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/main/asynchronous-vault/src/VaultZapper.sol) is that it should have a maximum spend approval for `token`. In reality, the approval is now `0` after completing a zap of `1 ether`.

## Impact

Medium, this configuration may violate intended security constraints or invalidate the operational expectations of dependent integration logic.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
function _transferTokenInAndApprove(
    address router,
    IERC20 tokenIn,
    uint256 amount
)
    internal
{
    tokenIn.safeTransferFrom(_msgSender(), address(this), amount);
    if (tokenIn.allowance(_msgSender(), router) < amount) {
        tokenIn.forceApprove(router, amount);
    }
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

There a a couple of possible recommendations, however these depend upon the intended design of the protocol.

1. If the intention is for the owner to limit the range of spendable tokens, then do not approve token expenditure dynamically based upon arbitrary third party calls.
2. If you wish to allow arbitrary token swaps, do not attempt to mediate approvals at all, and do not assume operational approval state expectations and instead issue these upon request.

Additionally, it is recommended that the implementation of [`_transferTokenInAndApprove(address,address,uint256)`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/6c797025ffe296e04607abf74400ff2bb36a7de3/asynchronous-vault/src/VaultZapper.sol#L160) is corrected to ensure the allowance of the `router` itself is validated when administering execution-time approvals, instead of the `msg.sender`.