Recumbent Burlap Dog

medium

# Users will get DoS for the approved router, due to incorrect `allowance` check argument.

## Summary
Users will get DoS for the approved router, due to incorrect `allowance` check argument.

## Vulnerability Detail
The core vulnerability lies in incorrect `allowance` check the `_transferTokenInAndApprove` function. 

```solidity
function _transferTokenInAndApprove(
        address router,
        IERC20 tokenIn,
        uint256 amount
    )
        internal
    {
        tokenIn.safeTransferFrom(_msgSender(), address(this), amount);
        if (tokenIn.allowance(_msgSender(), router) < amount) {
            tokenIn.forceApprove(router, amount);
        }
    }
```

The allowance check is currently checking that the msg sender has approved sufficient token amount to the router. However, this should instead be checking `tokenIn.allowance(address(this), router) < amount` , since the tokens have already been transferred in in the previous line, and this amount is to be swapped in the router.

This means that if the user has already interacted with the router directly beforehand (not uncommon for users to have interacted with say Uniswap router directly), then the `tokenIn.allowance(_msgSender(), router)` can already be infinitely approved, so the allowance check will always evaluate to `False`. So, the next approval line will never be executed. This then means that the zap functionality will always revert for these users.

NOTE: Even though the owner can force infinite approval in the `approveTokenForRouter` function, this may only apply to only these tokens that get infinitely approved by this.

## Impact
Users will get DoS for the approved router, due to incorrect `allowance` check argument.


Users will get DoS for the new router, due to incorrect `allowance` check argument.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/main/asynchronous-vault/src/VaultZapper.sol#L168-L170

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Update the allowance check in `_transferTokenInAndApprove` to check the allowance from the vaultzapper address:
```solidity
function _transferTokenInAndApprove(
        address router,
        IERC20 tokenIn,
        uint256 amount
    )
        internal
    {
        tokenIn.safeTransferFrom(_msgSender(), address(this), amount);
        if (tokenIn.allowance(address(this), router) < amount) { // changed from msgSender() -> address(this)
            tokenIn.forceApprove(router, amount);
        }
    }
```


