Acrobatic Aqua Peacock

medium

# onERC7540DepositReceived will still return a callback even if data.length equals to zero, breaking ERC7540 compatibility

## Summary

onERC7540DepositReceived and onERC7540RedeemReceived does not follow ERC7540 specfications.

## Vulnerability Detail

When creating a deposit request, if data.length > 0, then the onERC7540DepositReceived callback is checked.

```solidity
        if (
            data.length > 0
                && ERC7540Receiver(receiver).onERC7540DepositReceived(
                    _msgSender(), owner, epochId, data
                ) != ERC7540Receiver.onERC7540DepositReceived.selector
        ) revert ReceiverFailed();


        emit DepositRequest(receiver, owner, epochId, _msgSender(), assets);
```

EIP-7540 states:

> If the length of data is not 0, the Request MUST send an onERC7540DepositReceived callback to receiver following the interface of ERC7540DepositReceiver described in [Request Callbacks](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7540#request-callbacks) section. If the length of data is 0, the Request MUST NOT send a callback.

"If the length of data is 0, the Request MUST NOT send a callback".  Even if the length of the data is 0 in the above code snippet, the request can still send a callback since the if statement will not revert, which breaks compatibility.

Same goes for onERC7540RedeemReceived.

https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7540

## Impact

Code breaks EIP-7540 compatibility. Users will falsely assume that their deposit is successful when it is not.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/main/asynchronous-vault/src/AsyncSynthVault.sol#L711-L718

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Recommend splitting the if statement into two instead of using the && operand. Check that data.length is not equal to zero first. If it is equal to zero, do not run the callback request check.

```solidity
   // Perform the callback
        if (data.length != 0) {
          require(ERC7540Receiver(receiver).onERC7540DepositReceived(msg.sender, owner, requestId, assets, data) == ERC7540Receiver.onERC7540DepositReceived.selector, "receiver failed");
        }
```
