Fluffy Blue Sloth

high

# VaultZapper balance of tokens that are pre-approved to router can be stolen by anyone

## Summary
The vulnerability may happen when there is a token balance on Vault Zapper and in the same time that tokens are approved by Vault Zapper to Router. A malicious user may take advantage of existing approval, tricking VaultZapper to swap its own funds but depositing and crediting it as that user's by crafting a malicious input token contract and fake swap data.

## Vulnerability Detail
In function [ZapAndDeposit](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/main/asynchronous-vault/src/VaultZapper.sol#L178) and all other functions that rely on the Zap mechanism, there is a vulnerability that may allow an user to drain the `VaultZapper` contract for specific tokens. Requirement: The `VaultZapper` contract has to have pre-approved those tokens to the `Router` first. However, the design of the protocol points that this is a possible scenario as there is even a special function [approveTokenForRouter](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/main/asynchronous-vault/src/VaultZapper.sol#L99) provided to do so.

Once some tokens are pre-approved to Router AND those tokens are on the contract balance AND they are not `vault.asset()`, an attack is possible. Consider below flow.

- An attacker creates a dummy exploit token. That token's `safeTransferFrom return true; allowance(addr,addr) return any large value; forceApprove return true; balanceOf return 0;` To trick caller that everything goes well, but it does no real operation.
- There is a balance of target token e.g. `WETH`, on the VaultZapper contract. It should be other than vault underlying tokens.
- Hacker calls `zapAndDeposit`, passing exploit token address as `tokenIn`, but in the same time passes `data` with the target token instead of supplied token, e.g. following to below pseudocode
```solidity
Swap(_router, _WETH, tokenOut, WETH.balanceof(vaultZapper), minSlippage, address(0), 10);
```
- Now, with such setup, calling `zapAndDeposit` and underlying function `_zapIn`: first 'if' passes and fake balance is saved from malicious token, [function _executeZap](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/main/asynchronous-vault/src/VaultZapper.sol#L351) uses crafted Swap Data to swap `VaultZapper`'s balance for `Vault Asset`, and back to function `_zapIn` check in line 150 also passes because balance of fake token is still zero, or can be arbitrary, it wont be bigger than `expectedBalance`.
- As the Swap data can be arbitrary and VaultZapper approved tokens to Router, then the arbitrary low level call to the router contract in line [359](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/main/asynchronous-vault/src/VaultZapper.sol#L359) will pass and swap VaultZapper balance for target token (vault asset).
- Finally what happens next, all new vault asset balance is accounted for the user. Therefore, VaultZapper tokens that were swapped for vault asset, will now be credited to the user in full, calculated off balanceOf(address(this)) and not user input.

```solidity
        // Deposit
        uint256 shares = vault.deposit(
            IERC20(vault.asset()).balanceOf(address(this))
                - initialTokenOutBalance,
            _msgSender()
        );
```

## Impact
VaultZapper balance can be stolen by anyone if VaultZapper approved tokens to router previously.

## Code Snippet
Included above.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Few solutions may be helpful here: first, do not allow arbitrary tokens, but implement a whitelist of tokens. The contest description provides a narrow list of tokens to be interacting with the protocol, therefore its not needed to allow any tokens to be passed. Additionally, the SwapData could be crafted by the Protocol and then called, e.g. passing parameters for user such as input token address (reused from tokenIn) and slippage as separate parameter.
