Recumbent Burlap Dog

medium

# Permit can remain unused and replayable by the attacker for DoS.

## Summary
Permit can remain unused and replayable by the attacker for DoS.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the `zapAndDepositWithPermit` and `zapAndRequestDepositWithPermit` functions, the protocol attempts allow end users to utilize the permit function to allow token approval via permits in the following code snippet:

```solidity
        if (tokenIn.allowance(_msgSender(), address(this)) < amount) {
            _executePermit(tokenIn, _msgSender(), address(this), permitParams);
        }
```

We can see that it first checks that the msg sender has approved sufficient token amount or not. If not, then it executes the `permit` functionality. This guarantees that after this code chunk, the token allowance would be at least `amount` (the desired value).

However, in the case where token allowance is already `>= amount` prior to the permit function, the `_executePermit` will not be executed. The issue here is that the permit is not invalidated in this case and remain unused, even though the signatures remain on onchain calldata. This is not a desirable effect, since any attacker can now retrieve the permit parameters to further force token approval to the router without the consent of the original user.

This can result in:
- Forced token approval via unused permit without the user's consent (by design, the user will not expect the token approval to remain nonzero after the permit, since the permit should be invalidated)
- The attacker can DoS by frontrunning the user's tx with the permit and cause tx revert (may revert in case the permit overrides the token allowance to a lower value).

## Impact
This can result in:
- Forced token approval via unused permit without the user's consent (by design, the user will not expect the token approval to remain nonzero after the permit, since the permit should be invalidated)
- The attacker can DoS by frontrunning the user's tx with the permit and cause tx revert (may revert in case the permit overrides the token allowance to a lower value).

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/main/asynchronous-vault/src/VaultZapper.sol#L343-L345
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/main/asynchronous-vault/src/VaultZapper.sol#L326-L328

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- Use try-catch pattern to ensure the permit is always invalidated (and to prevent frontrunning permit execution, see https://www.trust-security.xyz/post/permission-denied)

```solidity
function _executePermit(
        IERC20 token,
        address owner,
        address spender,
        PermitParams calldata permitParams
    )
        internal
    {
        try ERC20Permit(address(token)).permit(
            owner,
            spender,
            permitParams.value,
            permitParams.deadline,
            permitParams.v,
            permitParams.r,
            permitParams.s
        ) {
            return;
       } catch {
            if (IERC20(address(token)).allowance(owner, spender) >= permitParams.value) { return; } // early return in case frontran and has sufficient allowance
       }
       revert("permit failed");
    }
```
