Flat Orchid Crab

medium

# Amount can be manipulated whilst depositing with a `permit` function

## Summary

The code verifies if the sender's allowance to the vault is less than the specified amount via the `permit` function, but attackers can intercept transactions, potentially causing them to fail and increasing the user's allowance to the vault unintentionally.
## Vulnerability Detail

In `VaultZapper`, functions that utilize the `permit` function can be front run and made to revert. 

**Functions affected by this vulnerability**

| Functions    |
|--------------|
| zapAndDepositWithPermit  |
| zapAndDepositWithPermit       |
|zapAndClaimAndRequestDepositWithPermit  |


**The problem lies here :** 

The code checks if the allowances of the `msg.sender` to the `vault` is lesser than the amount and executes the `permit` function.

When a user submits a tx, their tx is visible on the mempool, someone could intercept it and execute it with user's permit signature param. Since the signature gets consumed the tx would fail.
 
Here since `value` is also a part of the permit param the attacker could enter an amount **HIGHER** than what the user intended because of the code allowing allowances to be lesser than the amount. This way the tx of the user fails and the allowance of the user to the vault is higher than they intended.

The allowance to the contract from the user would've still increased as it only checks if its **LESSER** than the `amount`.

**PoC**

Let us assume Alice wants to zap and deposit with permit.

Bob observes Alice's tx on the mempool and intercept it.

But since the code checks if the allowance is lesser than the amount to execute the param Bob is free to enter a higher amount than that of what Alice intended.

<details><summary>Code</summary>

```javascript
 if (tokenIn.allowance(_msgSender(), address(this)) < amount) {
            _executePermit(tokenIn, _msgSender(), address(this), permitParams);
        }
``` 

</details>

And since permit doesnt check for the `msg.sender` Bob front runs Alice and executes his tx with Alice's signature and a **HIGHER AMOUNT**.
🚨 The permit function gives the approval to the vault for the amount specified by Bob in place of Alice.

<details><summary>Code</summary>


```javascript
function permit(
        address owner,
        address spender,
        uint256 value,
        uint256 deadline,
        uint8 v,
        bytes32 r,
        bytes32 s
    ) public virtual {
        if (block.timestamp > deadline) {
            revert ERC2612ExpiredSignature(deadline);
        }

        bytes32 structHash = keccak256(abi.encode(PERMIT_TYPEHASH, owner, spender, value, _useNonce(owner), deadline));

        bytes32 hash = _hashTypedDataV4(structHash);

        address signer = ECDSA.recover(hash, v, r, s);
        if (signer != owner) {
            revert ERC2612InvalidSigner(signer, owner);
        }

@>        _approve(owner, spender, value);
    }
```

</details>

And Alice's tx fails but the allowance of Alice's asset to the vault increases according to the amount specified by Bob

## Impact

User could get front run while calling functions that require a permit

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/main/asynchronous-vault/src/VaultZapper.sol#L298

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/main/asynchronous-vault/src/VaultZapper.sol#L315

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/main/asynchronous-vault/src/VaultZapper.sol#L332

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Usage of a try and catch block instead of the if condition that lets allowances be lesser than the amount