Tart Raisin Cormorant

medium

# Strict check could cripple functionality in Zapper

## Summary

The VaultZapper contract enforces that no leftovers are present after the input token is _zapped_. This could damage compatibility with routers that execute trades on exact outputs, rather than an exact input, as the input amount may not be covered in full.

## Vulnerability Detail

Before depositing assets to the vault, the VaultZapper contract executes a _zap_ in which the input token is swapped using a whitelisted router. The implementation is given by `_zapIn()`:

```solidity
function _zapIn(
    IERC20 tokenIn,
    address router,
    uint256 amount,
    bytes calldata data
)
    internal
{
    uint256 expectedBalance; // of tokenIn (currently)

    if (msg.value == 0) {
        expectedBalance = tokenIn.balanceOf(address(this));
        _transferTokenInAndApprove(router, tokenIn, amount);
    } else {
        expectedBalance = address(this).balance - msg.value;
    }

    _executeZap(router, data); // zap

    uint256 balanceAfterZap = msg.value == 0
        ? tokenIn.balanceOf(address(this))
        : address(this).balance;

    if (balanceAfterZap > expectedBalance) {
        // Our balance is higher than expected, we shouldn't have received
        // any token
        revert InconsistantSwapData({
            expectedTokenInBalance: expectedBalance,
            actualTokenInBalance: balanceAfterZap
        });
    }
}
```

Note that function checks that there are no leftovers of the input token (or ETH if `msg.value > 0`). It records the `expectedBalance` before pulling the tokens, and after executing the zap it checks this value against `balanceAfterZap`, reverting if there is a positive difference.

This will conflict with functions commonly present in routers that operate on exact output amounts. In this case, the user provides a certain amount of tokens (or ETH) with some margin to account for slippage, expecting a fixed amount of output tokens. This margin will likely cause a minimal leftover that will result in a revert, crippling the zapper functionality.

A common example of such a router is the UniswapV2Router (https://github.com/Uniswap/v2-periphery/blob/master/contracts/UniswapV2Router02.sol). The `swapTokensForExactTokens()` function takes a max amount in and will pull tokens as long as the calculated amount is below that max. Another example is `swapETHForExactTokens()`, which will refund the user the excess of ETH sent.

## Impact

The zapper implementation will be incompatible with certain functions that are typically found in routers.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/main/asynchronous-vault/src/VaultZapper.sol#L150-L157

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Instead of checking that there are no leftovers after executing the zap, avoid the revert and refund the difference to the user.
