Dancing Aquamarine Goldfish

medium

# Slippage controls for `SyncSynthVault::withdraw()` and `SyncSynthVault::redeem()` functions are missing.

## Summary
Missing of slippage control in `SyncSynthVault::withdraw()` and `SyncSynthVault::redeem()` functions can cause griefing attack to user.

## Vulnerability Detail
As per EIP4626 states "If implementors intend to support EOA account access directly, they should consider adding an additional function call for deposit/mint/withdraw/redeem with the means to accommodate slippage loss or unexpected deposit/withdrawal limits, since they have no other means to revert the transaction if the exact output amount is not achieved."

As the slippage is not defined will cost the the user to spent much more shares amount than expected if calls `withdraw` functions or will get much lesser asset amount back than expected if calls the `redeem` function.

## Impact
The impact on user is that it will cost the user to spent much more share amount or will get the much lesser asset amount back than expected.

## Proof Of Concept
The concept and case for `SyncSynthVault::withdraw()` functions is similar to this.

BOB wants to redeem 1e18 asset tokens back in exchange for sending  1e18 shares tokens.
Yet, such `SyncSynthVault::redeem` function call causes 0.9e18 assets tokens to be transferred to BOB.
BOB unexpectedly get loss 0.1e18 asset tokens than expected for burning 1e18 shares tokens.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/main/asynchronous-vault/src/SyncSynthVault.sol#L197

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/main/asynchronous-vault/src/SyncSynthVault.sol#L359

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
The recommendation is to include a mechanism in `withdraw` function that allows msg.sender to specify the maximum shares to be burn for calling the corresponding `SyncSynthVault:_withdraw` function; calling such `withdraw` function should revert if the corresponding `SyncSynthVault:_withdraw` function's shares output is greater than the specified maximum shares to be burned. Similarly, a mechanism should be include in `SyncSynthVault::redeem` function that allows msg.sender to specify the minimum asset tokens to be transfer to receiver for calling the corresponding `SyncSynthVault:_withdraw` function; calling such `SyncSynthVault::redeem` function should revert if the function's assets output is lesser than the specified minimum asset tokens to be sent.
