Ambitious Tortilla Coyote

medium

# Attacker could exploit by repeatedly calling `requestDeposit` and `requestRedeem` with minimal amounts

thisvishalsingh

medium

## Summary
Contract: `AsyncSynthVault.sol`
Funtions: 
- `requestDeposit`
- `requestRedeem`

An attacker could exploit this by repeatedly calling `requestDeposit` and `requestRedeem` with minimal amounts. 

## Vulnerability Detail
- An attacker could exploit this by repeatedly calling `requestDeposit` and `requestRedeem` with minimal amounts, creating a large number of dust positions that the contract must track and manage. This could exhaust the contract's resources, increase the state size unnecessarily, and cause legitimate transactions to fail or be delayed due to network congestion.

### POC
Lets assume: Alice and Bob are users of this protocol.
```solidity
function requestDeposit(
        uint256 assets,
        address receiver,
        address owner,
        bytes memory data
    )
        public
        whenNotPaused
        whenClosed
    {
        // vault
        if (_msgSender() != owner) {
            revert ERC7540CantRequestDepositOnBehalfOf();
        }
        if (previewClaimDeposit(receiver) > 0) {
            revert MustClaimFirst(receiver);
        }

        if (assets > maxDepositRequest(owner)) {
            revert ExceededMaxDepositRequest(
                receiver, assets, maxDepositRequest(owner)
            );
        }

        _asset.safeTransferFrom(owner, address(pendingSilo), assets);

        _createDepositRequest(assets, receiver, owner, data);
    }
```

- Exploit:
1. Alice discovers that the `AsyncSynthVault` contract does not enforce a minimum transaction amount for deposit requests.
2. She decides to exploit this by creating a script that sends a high volume of deposit requests with very small amounts of assets, say 0.0001 of the underlying token.
3. Alice's script executes thousands of these transactions, saturating the contract's deposit queue with dust transactions.

- Impact on Bob:
1. Bob, a legitimate user, tries to make a standard deposit request while Alice's script is running.
2. Due to the high volume of dust transactions, Bob's transaction takes much longer to process, or he has to pay a significantly higher gas fee to prioritize his transaction.
3. Bob's legitimate request might be delayed or even fail due to the excessive gas costs caused by the dust transactions.

## Impact
  It is Medium severity, as it affects the availability of time-sensitive functions by allowing dust transactions that can congest the network.

## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/main/asynchronous-vault/src/AsyncSynthVault.sol#L439-L466

- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/main/asynchronous-vault/src/AsyncSynthVault.sol#L477-L502

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- Disallow transactions below a certain threshold to maintain efficiency and prevent denial of service through dust spamming.
-  This threshold should be carefully considered to balance between user flexibility and protection against spamming attacks.
