Faithful Linen Goldfish

high

# Bootstraping vault with mentioned values would create bad debt.

## Summary
The mentioned Bootstrapped liquidity added by protocol would not be owned by anyone and this liquidity would not be redeemed or withdraw in future time so this bootstrapped liquidity would accrue yield from vault creating bad debt.

## Vulnerability Detail
- As mentioned by team they would be Bootstrapping the vault.
```solidity
We will boostrap the vault to avoid inflation attack so please take this into consideration.
For weth vault it would be 1 weth.
For usdc vault it would be 1000 usdc.
```
- Let's take example of WETH token , in WETH vault they are Bootstrapping 1 WETH to avoid inflation attack but 1 WETH is very big 
number ( 1e18 wei) and the yield generated from 1 WETH is stolen from the actual suppliers which leads to loss of yield funds for users.  Note that the Bootstrapped share price of 10**18 cannot be ignored, one can increase the supply share price, and the Bootstrapped Shares will have a bigger claim on the total asset percentage.
-  Thus leading to loss of yield to actual suppliers/users.
- At one point we can even neglect the yield which is generated from bootstrapping 1e3 wei of assets but bootstrapping 10**18 wei of assest would create big difference and the impact would linearly increase as time passes by.
## Impact

The yield generated from bootstrapped liquidity would not be claimed by anyone thus the yield accrued from this bootstrapped liquidity leads to loss of yield funds for users.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/main/asynchronous-vault/src/SyncSynthVault.sol#L576
## Tool used

Manual Review
Taken reference from `Morpho Blue` contest where similar bug was submitted by `cmichel` and it was accepted.

## Recommendation

-Bootsrapping liquidity should be reduced and can be made 10**3 wei of assets like how Uniswap does.

-Another suggestion  is to use ERC4626 Upgradeable contracts.

-Elaborating why 1e3 wei of assets would be sufficient to prevent inflation attack. By even using 10**3 wei as bootstrapped amount the attacker have to minimum donate 1000x assests to contract for minting 0 shares to user and in against the attacker would be losing 50% of donated amount to the virtual share which you have implemented in the contract. Taking example a trusted user deposit 10 ether, now for attacker to mint them zero shares they would have to donate a minimum of 10000 ether which is infeasible and even if attacker donates this big amount he would loose a percentage of assest to virtual share according to situation, making attack infeasible for attacker.

