Icy Graphite Dachshund

high

# first depositor bug is still possible in the SyncSynthVault contract

## Summary
first depositor bug is still possible in the SyncSynthVault contract

## Vulnerability Detail
Vulnerability details

Attacker deposits 1 wei of Asset using deposit function and mint 1 lpToken. Thus, ExchangeRate = 1, and Totalasset = 1,

Now, the attacker shall manipulate ExchangeRate by transferring further assets into the vault,

The attacker shall transfer that large amount by seeing the transaction that should be quite enough for the front-run second user.

The attacker burned share and got all asset in vault.

Attack scenario:

The hacker mints for themself one share: deposit(1). Thus, totalAsset()==1, totalSupply()==1.

The hacker front-runs the deposit of the victim who wants to deposit 20,000 USDT (20,000.000000).

The hacker inflates the denominator right in front of the victim: asset.transfer(20_000e6). Now totalAsset()==20_000e6 + 1, totalSupply()==1.

Next, the victim's tx takes place. The victim gets 1 * 20_000e6 / (20_000e6 + 1) == 0 shares. The victim gets zero shares . The hacker burns their share and gets all the money(i.e 20000e6 + 1).

Now, with the + 1 added this is still possible as the attacker can transfer just double the user deposit asset amount to the vault directly causing the shares returned to still round down to 0. Attacker can the withdraw all funds using the redeem() function.

## Impact
first depositor bug is still possible in the SyncSynthVault contract

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-amphor/blob/main/asynchronous-vault/src/SyncSynthVault.sol#L584

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider adding a significant amount and not just + 1, to make the attacker practiaclly impossible. Or
[Uniswap V2 solved this problem by sending the first 1000 LP tokens to the zero address](https://github.com/Uniswap/v2-core/blob/master/contracts/UniswapV2Pair.sol#L119-L124). The same can be done in this case i.e. when lpSupply == 0, send the first min liquidity LP tokens to the zero address to enable share dilution.